📖 Update MHC documentation (#4228)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/src/tasks/healthcheck.md

## What is a MachineHealthCheck?

A MachineHealthCheck is a resource within the Cluster API which allows users to define conditions under which Machines within a Cluster should be considered unhealthy. 
A MachineHealthCheck is defined on a management cluster and scoped to a particular workload cluster.

When defining a MachineHealthCheck, users specify a timeout for each of the conditions that they define to check on the Machine's Node;
if any of these conditions is met for the duration of the timeout, the Machine will be remediated.

> The action of remediating a Machine should trigger a new Machine to be created to replace the failed one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the action of remediating a Machine should trigger a new Machine to be created to replace the failed one, but providers are allowed to plug in more sophisticated external remediation solutions. 
```

## Creating a MachineHealthCheck

> Use the following example as a basis for creating a MachineHealthCheck for worker nodes:

Reviewer: Are you planning to add also an example for control-plane node remediation?

Author: There is an example for KCP node remediation in the document now as part of this PR. (Should start on/around line 57 or so.)

Before deploying a MachineHealthCheck, please familiarise yourself with the following limitations and caveats:

> - Only Machines owned by a MachineSet will be remediated by a MachineHealthCheck (since a MachineDeployment uses a MachineSet, then this includes Machines that are part of a MachineDeployment)

Reviewer 2: should this say
```suggestion
- Only Machines owned by a MachineSet or a KubeadmControlPlane can be remediated by a MachineHealthCheck (since a MachineDeployment uses a MachineSet, then this includes Machines that are part of a MachineDeployment)
```
